I don't know where the money comes from, I don't know how it works to see it washed, I'm very familiar with that, the taxes that we have,
preserved all the hotels and stuff, but you know, I would love to be able to incorporate the county in order to do this.
As of right now, Oxford puts the whole bill, so I have to make my entire bill described in the whole washroom.
But I'm going to still be able to tell you how she works.
Well, like for tourism dollars, it comes through the county from like hotels and things of that.
So then we filter that back to Sharon and the Janker.
So that's for the tourism dollars here.
But if you ever wanted to be like, what do I find nice to you say?
I don't know.
But you can always come in there and tell them what you have to go on.
And then ask for a sponsorship.
And they are usually pretty good at all.
Say, okay, we're all going to give $1,000 and they'll get paid out of bigger funds and come together and they're like $5,000 to $1,000 or whatever that's possible.
And then they can put that to a budget and then that takes a little bit of pressure on the city.
Yeah, and you're showing, you already know you've got to show them your returns.
But what that looks like and so that would be...
Well, the benefit of what I do is say if we do something here.
I can make it mandatory that if we have this term coming in, they have a free term meeting here.
Right.
Like you have to have it in this location and then we're going to reserve a highest finisher position for anyone that stays.
And what happens a lot of times if they are traveling out of town and they have to come here for a meeting at this place, they're just going to go and stay here.
They're not going to leave a meeting here and then drop to Oxford.
So it can still work.
I mean, yeah.
There's a lot of support for us, Alport.
To understand what the means of this meeting, because there's people that's really having an idea that you work or have never yet what you do outside of Alport.
You know, when they're outside of Alport.
Well, this deal I'm doing with the receipts to me is the future, the vast vision of people kind of grasp how it works.
Right.
Like any business owner can offer a highest finisher incident.
I could go to a base hardware and say, hey, days, would you want to put $500 this term to anyone that spends $100 for you?
Yeah.
The month of the tournament, the day you're at the side pot, then that you're going to be the official hardware support of this meeting.
And the only way that you walk on board is if they spend most of the week.
Like now, like the way it works right now is just, hey, give us some money and we'll stick your name on there.
You know, like that's the thing that I'm seeing.
I don't know why.
And first of all, if you have your boat finance and your truck finance and you finish the highest position in the tournament, then you get an extra bonus.
Like this weekend, I will in first place, but I want an extra $2,000 from AmpArts because my truck and boat finance are there.
So when I do the body boat or new truck, there's no question.
Yeah.
That's what we want to do.
Is there support?
Yes.
Yeah.
So how do you, how do you force the tournament to do this?
Right.
I want to say thank you and public here to Thomas.
We just released our own Apache video.
It's Workout in County.
Just dropped yesterday.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We did.
We filmed our Apache video from an early from a boat.
Thank you for that for allowing us to do that.
So, you know, without connections, without partnerships, we would not have been able to do that.
We've been sending them a bank, taking many of them.
You know, boats going by, you know, which wouldn't find?
Not as good.
And so, you know, it was tough on a Monday.
Beautiful Monday afternoon and happy Thomas.
Yeah.
You know, it was a hard day at the office.
It was so hard.
It worked out.
I think.
Yeah.
I have to say thank you.
And thank you for that.
Sure.
And that's again just another way that we can partner together to help each other get to the end goal or the goal.
All right.
Now, how are you?
Good.
Hi, I'm Joy Hennaker.
I represent Graham Hotels.
We don't have to tell my sweet Janet Oxford.
I am new back into the position.
Open the hotel.
And for the last year and a half, I have been in the government market.
And then Graham called me and asked me if I would come back.
That's nice.
Sure.
I have a family here, great babies that live close by.
So, I was missing them.
So, I was so ready to come back.
So, this is home.
I'm a little personal at home.
So, glad to be back here at the market.
We are extended.
Stay property.
If you haven't been out to see it, please come by.
I'll give you the green tour.
It's beautiful.
And so.
Where by public.
I'm sorry.
I have public.
We're going to lie about public.
Yeah, what about public.
I'm sorry, what about public.
We're going to lie about public.
We're going to lie about public.
I'm sorry.
If y'all have algorithms that are like a quarter.
No, and I'll talk about it right after we first built.
We ran our first open, and we're you know, we get into discussion and we went to the owners.
We talk about it and then up the plus.
You got to start.
She's like that.
Definitely.
But I can't...
You get to start.
If somebody gets to do the tabs on the television front, before they ask what rate is rate,
It is really good to say you get out of the house.
If there's no, there's no.
Right.
I understand.
So they will come back up in conversation.
I think that's really great.
It's not the best.
It is literally the best.
It's just the best.
Right.
Well, they bring the book to the outside of the house.
And somebody will say, you explain to me
what for you, St. Henry?
Yeah.
Well, I get the acceptance from Joy
in my life with Ramhotel.
Listen to my heart.
It's not the person I was talking with at Ramhotel.
I was like, they didn't switch all of me.
Well, love me.
Do you want me your information about the chamber then?
OK.
Easy, sir.
And him and not me have looked at it.
And it may have, but we do need to check it.
OK.
I'll show you what it is.
I'm not there.
Yeah.
So if you guys need anything, you business is coming through.
You've places to stay.
You're great.
Like I said, come see us.
And I'll give you a tour.
Yeah.
And show your Ram.
It's great to know.
Thank you, St. Henry.
Well, you walked in just in time.
So we're just going around telling who we are,
and what our business is, and how we can sport a jitter.
That's on your mind.
I have the roots to them.
Many of them in the square.
Jacksonville, 800 capacity.
And now some of them also in the diagonal,
which is some really high end suites right
on the second floor.
It's about two of the gap they have in the square.
And there's two better and two back units.
One back fully furnished.
Like designer units.
So really high end, you know, option for a group
which is staying on the square.
And just for clarification,
he is not the racetrack bar.
Almost.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like a...
It's going to be a lot of music and stuff.
So.
Yeah.
How's that?
Welcome.
Sweet.
Hey.
Can we see?
It's great.
That's amazing.
I mean, if you did, like, thank you.
You probably was 30.
So, like, you know, 10 or around,
should it be 300 or something?
Yeah.
A little tight.
Yeah.
From all of that, see you later.
It's a great room you space.
If you did not check out his website,
you'd definitely check it out.
And if you've got parts to leave,
you've been going...
I don't know.
I don't know how you share money.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
We had a great job.
We had got some limited there.
Not really good.
It was really good.
Awesome.
Well, I thought you were going to make a day.
It's really good.
All right.
So, you're a little lofty thing.
Is that, like, a Airbnb or is that, like, a...
We're currently in there.
There are positions there in these.
They're on Airbnb.
We have a director on the website.
It's a little cheaper for the director.
It's just awesome.
I'm going to get up now.
And then we have probably enough plants
for suddenly.
We're, like, a few tea hotels or a snack store.
On the second floor.
That's nearly out of 10 rooms.
Up in the next couple of years.
So...
Well, it would just be a nice referral for, you know,
when events do come to town,
and we go up, you know,
or it's actually a recommendation.
Yeah.
And, you know, while we, you know,
partner and...
But the...
Our friends at Oxford had gas in and things like that.
Sometimes they just want to say,
little two, Jacksonville.
So, having those options
to refer them to for full.
For sure.
That would be it.
Great.
Thank you.
My name is Mia.
Hi.
I'm Michelle Morsey.
I'm a Redbird Wheel of Farm.
I think most of you in here know who I am on the line.
We're a USDA life and it's not a topic farm.
And we do field trips and educational events for schools
and nursing home visits.
And we guide tours our farm.
And we have everything from reptiles to llamas,
to cows, chickens, to kangaroos.
Sorry.
What?
As far as what we've got going on coming up,
we've got to come up this Sunday.
It's our last one for the spring.
It's to applaud this Sunday.
I am for living.
And so, we don't think we're going to need to suffer
not because of the heat.
I'm hungry.
It gets really, really tough.
There's never going to be open,
a hundred great weather.
So, we've got that coming up.
And then we have on the 14th of June,
we're doing a really different event at our farm
than we've done before.
We're doing basically a father's day,
cooked out.
And it is going to be for men in our area
who would like to come and have a hamburger hotdog
that's provided us and see the farm.
But it's for grieving fathers,
fathers that are trying to raise children
and maybe face some struggles.
And it just wants somebody that can connect with
and talk about that.
It's for young men who perhaps don't have a father
who's here in their life to come and connect with individuals
that will be there for just that, you know,
mentorship option for men.
So, my husband will be one of the mentors,
as well as my nephew and Gary Humphreys
from Rigford Coffee Company.
You guys know Gary.
So, he'll be there as well.
So, it's a very different event.
It's a no-cost event.
Something that we want to just provide,
because I do a lot of work for grieving moms
on the other side of that.
So, this is the first event of its time.
We are currently working with different organizations
for donations, for like hamburger buns
and hotdog buns and soft drinks
and that sort of thing,
so that we can provide that for just for it.
So, it's all of social media at this point,
but it's something that we definitely
appreciate the support on that,
because I think it's so desperately needed
for people to have that kind of connection.
It's something that men don't want to talk about
their feelings.
So, this is a little bit of a stretch in terms
of how to get that, you know,
to something that they'd be interested in coming to,
but I think overall the underlying thing
is going to be a place where it is
to be able to come and connect with men
that can talk about issues that they may be facing.
Our farm is kind of pivoted a little bit
into a different area.
We do a different kinds of work around
when we did when we started.
I'm currently at my farm.
We have four teenage boys that are volunteering with us,
each of which have just come out of a situation
where they took to take their life,
and they're volunteering with us now,
as an outlet to get them to connect with nature,
connect with animals,
and connect with us,
and it's just part of their therapy program.
And we really wanted to learn that,
because obviously I need a very strong name.
So, that's what this event is about.
On the heels of that,
we have summer camp coming up,
this 15th through the 19th,
age of five to 12-year-old,
and we're taking reservation spots for that now.
Big end of camp summer party,
on the 20th, that's free from the families,
and for the siblings and so forth of the campers.
So, as of right now,
we're about halfway full.
We'll leave 15 to 20-ish spots for kids.
So, we're already about halfway full for that.
So, that's the next situation.
So, that's coming up,
and we are doing cheering.
If you might want us to see,
we'll almost get cheered.
We're doing that the 28th and 29th of this month,
and we're open.
If you want to kind of check out what that's about,
it's a lot of fun, it's dirty work,
and we've got about 30 or so that we're going to cheer,
but that's something that creates a lot of interest.
I'm really surprised we have people that are coming
just to come watch that process.
So, we're doing that in a couple weeks.
Well, I guess, yeah.
I guess 28th, 28th, 29th in the month.
When you guys do great work out there,
you just don't miss what you've had,
and then you have another day,
and you have a great mom,
and the fact that you're bringing them in
to the next person,
I think, sometimes I get overlooked,
because that's not something that's easily
a man who has to eat a man with a grin,
but he's like, a man's not going to say,
hey, I mean this, I want this.
Let's do this.
So, I think it's great that you're coming together
and providing that community.
We get asked a lot about it,
and I don't know how much follow-through they'll be,
but we do a monthly great support meeting,
as well, at different locations,
all accounts are coming.
But we do get asked about a lot,
do we do anything for dads,
or do we have anything for men,
that might be going through the gravy process,
or just going through a difficult time.
And so that's where this idea was.
