municipal airport, of course that's going through some great renovations at
our north, taking on as a manager of the airport, over the last couple of months.
I've been out there several times and they're working on cleaning it up,
refreshing it. It was just released this week that they've gotten some funding,
some grants and things like that. So I'm really trying to work with them to make
sure that we are coming in. Hi! How's he? Good morning.
Good morning. I'm ready for a little water, but I'm finishing one.
But we're really working to make sure that my goal is to be where the people are.
Right? I'm not going to see them. They're not all going to walk into the chamber.
He has taught us. We're not going to get to hand them a bag individually.
We're not going to get to have conversations with them.
So we've got to get it where they are and then we're visiting your location.
That's the airport, that's parks and things of that sort.
So that's something that we're really trying to be involved in on a tourism
level with the chamber. So having those wrecked parts and
restures to sit at the airport, it's a cabin-counting table set up
with all of our restures and they are so excited that we have information
in there about that. They're like, you know, people ask us all the time.
You know, where can we go grab lunch? We have a situation. Linda and
now we're there a couple weeks ago to pick up our things where
Wooden and I hadn't been at all on the weekend on the race.
Where it was really busy and the terminal and the aviation
system went. We were there that Sunday evening when things were finishing up.
Linda and I went back a couple weeks, a week later to pick up our tables
that we had set up. We had this first set up with information on it.
The aviation center and we went to visit cabin-counting,
this information on it in the terminal, as that report came in three.
And so we picked up some things and this is where we were there. He was like, hey,
sure, you got a plane landing in six minutes and I was like, oh, oh, oh, oh, so I'm out there,
you know, getting in and blanking in and all of that.
And basically the pilot comes in and the pilot is sitting there on the little
laptop, come back through and we start having a conversation and he's
customer. He flies in the air because he has a client here in Amiston.
He flies in in for a meeting and then he flies in back out.
So he's there for multiple hours working. He's like, we're not having much.
I was like, oh, here you go. So I'm telling him about all the things.
It's like, hey, it's time to come in. It's not for authority.
He may want to visit this. He may want to visit this.
So there's never been that collaboration or that partnership to talk about
what we have in cabin-counting. So no matter what the location is,
that is the goal of us to make sure everyone knows where they can go,
what they can do and all the things we have to offer.
He has his own plan. Maybe he'll come back later when he's not working, right?
That's the point. Well, he's only in there for a couple hours.
He's not going to do anything. Yeah, but if he knows there's something to do,
then he'll come back and he'll bring in a couple of, maybe some couples.
It's family and or. You know, so being in the
location so he and that's important that we have the
information so we can get it there and make sure that we're
getting it throughout the community with our visitors.
Another way to do that, and I don't know. I know with hotels,
we've got the malls here, so you may be the exception.
You guys may be limited on what you can advertise, what you can market,
and things of that sort. But I would love to see something like this
at your locations. We're putting these at the airport.
Just want to send them all the back and installs,
all the walls, all the things. You've got to activate all the units, right?
Back at the toilet and you've got to register if you're in.
I explained to you, they're scanning, they're getting all the information
about how to get on the bag, sending them to the side,
just to enter your social media pages, and things of that sort.
So these are AG, pull the film off, you stick on.
So I brought three of these. We ordered a small
a dozen of these, ultimately, to see what the interest was.
We're going to be putting them in, you know, the bathroom and the chamber,
because people come through there that don't know this is a thing, you know?
And say, anywhere we can put something like this to make it easy scan.
I hope to get them at the Civic Center. I hope to get them at the chocolate bar.
I hope to get them at our other ports in the area.
You know, where we have activity.
Again, we may have primarily locals, right?
Scanning them? But still, locals have heard of those places, you know?
So Magal is to get everybody's algorithm,
honestly, you know, so we'll start showing them all that.
So let me know if you're interested in anything like that.
Just another way that we want to make sure everybody knows what's going on.
We had Texas Roadhouse come on and let us know normally,
literally, we're going to dinner, right?
We're going to be starting opening for lunch, every time now.
11 o'clock.
Letting everyone know what's going on in you, what visitors know is coming to.
So make sure that we are educated so we can get the word out
and fishing out now, going on.
The other thing you may have noticed is this very beautiful tablecloth up here.
Of course, Calvin County, we have a Calvin County C-50 commission
that would have not have experienced after-changer or through-changer,
but it's made up of amazing community volunteers,
elected officials, and we've had mayors participating in this weekly community meetings,
and things of that sort, just to make sure all of our city,
our community is the whole, it's participating in a 250-year
anniversary of our nation this year.
It's not just the force that you lost in the organization,
it's all here, and I don't know if I'm right in front of me.
But we actually were able to get the liberty,
free planting and dedication that we did in Jackson Street,
flooding and landing.
We have two pages in the bank in the Alfa.
That's just another testament to our small council.
Yeah, this is the way to let visitors know
that this is what we're doing in the Alfa County County County.
So thinking about this, this is something that we're
brought to the Alfa City because it comes from the County City of Alfa.
If you were having any event, if you're having anything out of the farm,
and maybe Americana Bay's or things of that sort,
you see it on some things like that,
it was a love for you guys to give you a lot of this table of law.
You may have to get your background check before you check it out,
and white gloves may need to be required to take it out.
Yeah, so I wanted to protect it with our lines.
So she carried it like anything.
But, you know, so when you're having an event,
college, I'll say, Happy New Year to everyone.
Because there's no reason for this to be an introvert or a college event, right?
I mean, we brought it, we bought it and came together with it,
because we wanted it for that tree dedication,
but it needs to be utilized.
So we already had the schedule for several people in the areas
where it isn't to be able to use it for events and things like that.
It needs a great talking piece.
Yeah.
But before we do, don't know,
and there are hard to talk to, it's a great icebreaker.
Great conversation, great conversation.
So please let us know, and I think you want to use that.
So that's the main reason we brought that today.
Letting each other know what's going on,
and it's something that I don't want to be warning us.
I've been sitting out on that.
